{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Please implement the following changes.\
\
In the detailed version, replace:\
"A test where you can peek at results as often as you like and the false positive guarantee still holds. Getting there requires some beautiful mathematics, built up one step at a time: from coin flips to random walks, from gambling to martingales, from likelihood ratios to Ville's inequality, from Wald's SPRT to modern confidence sequences."\
With: \
"Sequential testing enables you to peek at test results as often as you like and the false positive guarantee still holds. Getting there has required several developments in statistics. This webpage takes you through that journey, one step at a time: beginning with coin flips and random walks, proceeding with gambling examples in 1939 and testing ammunition in WWII, all the way up to modern confidence sequences."\
\
Also, please mention the references within each act, e.g. "(Ville, 1939)" with a link to the full reference at the bottom. Do this in both the short and detailed version.\
\
Also, in the side bar add two options on the top: \
1. "Home" leading to https://sequential-testing.vercel.app/ \
2. "Introduction" leading to the introductory text of each version.\
\
Also, in the short version please remove "Modern platforms like Eppo build this into their pipeline automatically."\
\
Also, replace "But here is the dirty secret of traditional statistics" with "But here is the problem".\
\
Also, remove "This is not a theoretical concern. It is the single most common statistical mistake in online experimentation."\
\
Also, in all simulation boxes replace "What is being simulated" with "Setup".\
\
Also, in the whole website, change third person references to the user to second person imperative. For example, change "The user watches the \
p\
p-value bounce around" to "Watch the \
p\
p-value bounce around". \
\
Also, after "...One in four or five \'93winning\'94 experiments might actually be noise." add: "That is, it results from randomness rather than indicating a systematic difference between the Treatment and Control groups." \
\
Also, display the side bar in a way that it won\'92t cover the \'93Sequential Testing\'94 title on the top left of the page. \
\
Also, display the \'93Sequential Testing\'94 title on the top left of the page in a way that it won\'92t disappear when scrolling downwards.\
\
Please let me know if you have any questions.}